api-reference/endpoint/get_file.mdx, before:

---
title: "Get File"
api: "GET https://api-prod.extend.app/v1/files/:id"
description: "Fetch a file by its ID to obtain additional details and the raw file content."
---

### Path

<ParamField path="id" type="string">
  The ID of the File to fetch. This is the ID returned when creating a new File or the value on `fileId` of a [WorkflowRun object](/api-reference/objects/workflow_run).
</ParamField>

### Response

<ResponseField name="success" type="boolean">
  A true or false value for whether the file was fetched successfully or not.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="file" type="File">
  A File object representing the fetched file. See the [File object](/api-reference/objects/file) for more details.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseExample>
```json Example Response
{
  "success": true,
  "file": {
    "object": "file",
    "id": "file_1234",
    "name": "example_file",
    "type": "PDF",
    "contents": {
      "rawText": "This is the raw text content of the file..."
    },
    "createdAt": "2024-01-01T00:00:00Z",
    "updatedAt": "2024-01-01T00:00:00Z"
  }
}
```
</ResponseExample>

Commit message:

Add raw text param to GetFile (#33)

api-reference/endpoint/get_file.mdx, after:

---
title: "Get File"
api: "GET https://api-prod.extend.app/v1/files/:id?rawText=true"
description: "Fetch a file by its ID to obtain additional details and the raw file content."
---

### Path

<ParamField path="id" type="string">
  The ID of the File to fetch. This is the ID returned when creating a new File or the value on `fileId` of a [WorkflowRun object](/api-reference/objects/workflow_run).
</ParamField>

### Query Parameters

You can add additional parameters to the request to modify the file contents returned. Currently only rawText is supported.

<ParamField path="rawText" type="boolean" optional>
  If set to true, the raw text content of the file will be included in the response. This is useful for indexing text-based files like PDFs, Word Documents, etc.
</ParamField>

### Response

<ResponseField name="success" type="boolean">
  A true or false value for whether the file was fetched successfully or not.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseField name="file" type="File">
  A File object representing the fetched file. See the [File object](/api-reference/objects/file) for more details.
</ResponseField>

<ResponseExample>
```json Example Response
{
  "success": true,
  "file": {
    "object": "file",
    "id": "file_1234",
    "name": "example_file",
    "type": "PDF",
    "contents": {
      "rawText": "This is the raw text content of the file..."
    },
    "createdAt": "2024-01-01T00:00:00Z",
    "updatedAt": "2024-01-01T00:00:00Z"
  }
}
```
</ResponseExample>
