product-reference/reviewing_workflow_run.mdx, before:

---
title: "Reviewing a Workflow Run"
description: "How to review a workflow run once a document has been sent to review"
---

Navigate to the "History" tab of a workflow to see a list of all workflow runs that have been sent to review.

![](/images/reviewing_workflow_run/history.png)

After clicking on a workflow run in need of review, you will see the document on the left and the extraction results displayed on the right.

![](/images/reviewing_workflow_run/review_page.png)

### Editing and approving a Workflow Run

Check the extracted values to confirm they are correct. If you find an extracted value that is not correct, click the pencil button to start making a correction. For array fields, you can double click on the cell that needs correcting

![](/images/reviewing_workflow_run/review_page_editing.png)

Replace the value with the correct value and then click the checkmark button to update the value. If there shouldn’t be a value, click the circled x button to set the value to `null`.

![](/images/reviewing_workflow_run/review_page_corrected.png)

Once you’ve made all the necessary corrections, click “Save and approve”. A dialog will appear asking you to explain your corrections.

![](/images/reviewing_workflow_run/review_page_confirm_corrections.png)

These explanations are used to improve the extraction accuracy so it is important that you clearly and concisely explain what was wrong, what is right, and how you know.
Once finished, click “Confirm corrections” and you are done! The workflow run will be updated with the new values.

### Rejecting a Workflow Run

If you find that the document is not valid and should not be processed further, you can reject the workflow run. To do this, click the “Reject” button in the top right corner of the review page.

![](/images/reviewing_workflow_run/reject_workflow.png)

You can then add a note explaining why the document is being rejected. Once you’ve added a note, click “Confirm rejection” and the workflow run will be marked as rejected.

![](/images/reviewing_workflow_run/reject_workflow_confirmation.png)

Commit message:

added workflow run rejected webhook event

product-reference/reviewing_workflow_run.mdx, after:

---
title: "Reviewing a Workflow Run"
description: "How to review a workflow run once a document has been sent to review"
---

Navigate to the "History" tab of a workflow to see a list of all workflow runs that have been sent to review.

![](/images/reviewing_workflow_run/history.png)

After clicking on a workflow run in need of review, you will see the document on the left and the extraction results displayed on the right.

![](/images/reviewing_workflow_run/review_page.png)

### Editing and approving a Workflow Run

Check the extracted values to confirm they are correct. If you find an extracted value that is not correct, click the pencil button to start making a correction. For array fields, you can double click on the cell that needs correcting

![](/images/reviewing_workflow_run/review_page_editing.png)

Replace the value with the correct value and then click the checkmark button to update the value. If there shouldn’t be a value, click the circled x button to set the value to `null`.

![](/images/reviewing_workflow_run/review_page_corrected.png)

Once you’ve made all the necessary corrections, click “Save and approve”. A dialog will appear asking you to explain your corrections.

![](/images/reviewing_workflow_run/review_page_confirm_corrections.png)

These explanations are used to improve the extraction accuracy so it is important that you clearly and concisely explain what was wrong, what is right, and how you know.
Once finished, click “Confirm corrections” and you are done! The workflow run will be updated with the new values.

### Rejecting a Workflow Run

If a workflow run is rejected, it will not trigger subsequent steps and the final processed data will not be sent to your downstream systems. However, developers can still consume rejected run data by listening for the `workflow_run.rejected` event which is listed in the [webhook events](/api-reference/webhooks/events#event-types).

If you find that the document is not valid and should not be processed further, you can reject the workflow run. To do this, click the “Reject” button in the top right corner of the review page.

![](/images/reviewing_workflow_run/reject_workflow.png)

You can then add a note explaining why the document is being rejected. Once you’ve added a note, click “Confirm rejection” and the workflow run will be marked as rejected.

![](/images/reviewing_workflow_run/reject_workflow_confirmation.png)
