api-reference/webhooks/events.mdx, before:

---
title: "Events"
description: ""
---

## The Event object
| Field     | Description                                                                                                                                                     |
| --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| eventId   | **string** - Unique identifier for the event                                                                                                                    |
| eventType | **string** - Type of the event that occurred (workflow_run.completed)                                                                                           |
| payload   | **object** - Contains the WorkflowRun object. See the [WorkflowRun object](/api-reference/objects/workflow_run) for the shape.                       |

Here is what you can expect for a given incoming event:

```json Example Event
{
  "eventId": "event_1234",
  "eventType": "workflow_run.completed",
  "payload": {
    "object": "workflow_run",
    "id": "workflow_run_1234"
    // etc.
  }
}
```

## Event types

The following table outlines the various event types you can receive via webhooks:

| Event Type                      | Description                                     |
| ------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| workflow_run.completed          | Triggered whenever a WorkflowRun is completed   |
| workflow_run.failed             | Triggered whenever a WorkflowRun fails          |
| workflow_run.needs_review       | Triggered whenever a WorkflowRun needs review\* |
| workflow_run.rejected           | Triggered whenever a WorkflowRun is rejected from the Extend dashboard. [More info](/product-reference/reviewing_workflow_run#rejecting-a-workflow-run)    |
| workflow_run.step_run.processed | Triggered whenever a WorkflowStep is finished processing, e.g. extraction steps, etc. This can be useful for consuming incremental extractions for workflows with multiple AI steps to create streaming-like experiences.       |

\* Only triggered when the workflow is configured to have a HumanReview step in the Extend workflow builder.

Commit message:

Add docs for processor and workflow apis/events (#42)
* add docs

* feedback

api-reference/webhooks/events.mdx, after:

---
title: "Events"
description: ""
---

## The Event object
| Field     | Description                                                                                                                                                     |
| --------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| eventId   | **string** - Unique identifier for the event                                                                                                                    |
| eventType | **string** - Type of the event that occurred (workflow_run.completed)                                                                                           |
| payload   | **object** - Contains the WorkflowRun object. See the [WorkflowRun object](/api-reference/objects/workflow_run) for the shape.                       |

Here is what you can expect for a given incoming event:

```json Example Event
{
  "eventId": "event_1234",
  "eventType": "workflow_run.completed",
  "payload": {
    "object": "workflow_run",
    "id": "workflow_run_1234"
    // etc.
  }
}
```

## Event types

The following table outlines the various event types you can receive via webhooks:

| Event Type                      | Description                                     |
| ------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| `workflow_run.completed`          | Triggered whenever a WorkflowRun is completed   |
| `workflow_run.failed`             | Triggered whenever a WorkflowRun fails          |
| `workflow_run.needs_review`       | Triggered whenever a WorkflowRun needs review\* |
| `workflow_run.rejected`           | Triggered whenever a WorkflowRun is rejected from the Extend dashboard. [More info](/product-reference/reviewing_workflow_run#rejecting-a-workflow-run)    |
| `workflow_run.step_run.processed` | Triggered whenever a WorkflowStep is finished processing, e.g. extraction steps, etc. This can be useful for consuming incremental extractions for workflows with multiple AI steps to create streaming-like experiences.       |
| `workflow.created`                | Triggered when a new Workflow is created        |
| `workflow.deployed`               | Triggered when a Workflow is deployed           |
| `workflow.deleted`                | Triggered when a Workflow is deleted            |
| `processor.created`               | Triggered when a new Processor is created       |
| `processor.updated`               | Triggered when a Processor is updated           |
| `processor.deleted`               | Triggered when a Processor is deleted           |
| `processor.version.published`     | Triggered when a new ProcessorVersion of a Processor is published |


\* Only triggered when the workflow is configured to have a HumanReview step in the Extend workflow builder.
